some advice that I was given that I wish I really would have took was
when I first got stationed here in San Diego and I had four year orders,
which then ultimately turned into five and 1/2 years at the same
place was Ah, I was told, you know, Hey, you should probably go out
and get yourself a house. Financially, I was capable of doing it.
I was married. I had two kids. However, you know, we were renting the
location that we're at wasn't bad. It was a very quick commute to
work. But everyone around me was buying properties. And I was like,
I really don't want to get into that because I know I'm gonna probably
leaving soon, and I don't wanna have to deal with those responsibilities
when I'm gone. Now, in retrospect, looking back, I would have
been able to get in when the housing market was extremely low here
in the San Diego area and would have doubled, and by now almost tripled
the income that I would have invested on that property. So that's
something that I really kind of kicked myself for. Not having listened
to back in 2000 and two that, you know, now and 2019 I probably
should have done